Add misp-ioc-sender test util (#78)
tenzir/threatbus: tests/utils/misp-ioc-sender/README.md

# MISP IoC Sender

A script to trigger an Attribute update in MISP. The script is configured via a

> YAML file. See belog for details and check out the `config.yaml.example` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YAML file. See below for details and check out the `config.yaml.example` file.
```

The script works as follows:

> - It looks for a specific MISP Event, referenced by its UUID in the config file.
> - The script creates the Event if it doesn't exist yet.
> - The script checks the Attributes of the Event and either creates a new
>   Attribute or it toggles the `'to_ids'` flag if the Attribute already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look for a specific MISP Event, referenced by its UUID in the config file.
- Create the Event if it doesn't exist.
- Check the Attributes of the Event and either create a new
  Attribute or it toggle the `'to_ids'` flag if the Attribute already exists.
```

> Attributes created by this script always have the `"DOMAIN"` type. Attribute

Reviewer: Why always `DOMAIN`?

Author: That's what we agreed to use with DCSO for testing. We can make this configurable, if you'd like.

Reviewer: Let's keep it as is and update only if we need the extra flexibility.
